Hi, guys.
You're welcome to the final lecture of the Zoom Clone application.
Now, instead of using the popular Zoom application, you can use this created by you as it is as basically
all digital futures.
Okay.
Now, in this lecture, I want to teach you how you're going to be able to share this app with your
friends, loved ones and everybody on the Internet.
Okay.
Now, to set it up, you're going to need to generate an epic for this.
And to do that, you're going to need to go to your seminar, then youth seminar, then over a year.
You're going to need to run flutter, dude, epic dash bash release.
Okay, this is going to take some time.
Then after you're going to see this builds, then you're going to see the location on how to show the
epic legacy correctly.
It is 132 and be as size in the future videos or future costs.
I'm going to teach you how to size this well for now.
If you want to share this app with your friends and loved ones, make sure they have more than this
face.
Okay.
Now to the other use in this command.
That is the plot to build epic dash.
That's release.
You're going to need to go to this project that is the zoo clone.
Okay, so now a little good surprise.
I later moved it to.
All right.
I think yours is going to be stick stuck.
Okay, then.
Zocalo.
Then you can see.
It wants us to go to boot camp.
Hats, boots.
Okay.
Bude.
Harp.
Then hotspots then.
It wants us to go to water.
That's epic.
Okay.
Floater.
That's epic.
Then the name of the fi.
Is.
App dash release.
Abdus released.
IFTIKHAR Right.
Okay.
So now you're going to need to copy this abductor release.
DASH If okay.
Then you're just going to plug your the USB.
Okay.
Even the need to plug your USB.
Your Android writes.
Okay.
Then you're going to need to connect this with your Android device.
Look, I'm going to go to five, transfer my phone.
Okay.
You can see my phone is all right now.
You can go to this and place this.
Now, is this because it don't have such user space, right?
Well, you can just try to do this so stuff and paste that so you can then share with your friends and
loved ones.
So instead of using the Zoom application, you can use yours.
You can use this created by you with all so futures.
You can chat.
You can wave.
You can do basically everything you can do with Zoom.
And as it is this device, you can easily just share this with your loved ones.
So instead of using Zoom for you in this meeting, you can use this app, right?
Okay.
Okay, guys, that is all about a Zoom application.
In the section, we are going to start building an e-commerce application.
Okay, guys, see you in that section.